oh, disobedience, your progeny woke up again
all full of insolence, unfit to glance the sovereign.
he whiles the time away with petty acts of mutiny. 
"a heart of heresy, a surest sign of lunacy"
purest in its ecstasy, temptation of atrocity
denied a sense of agency, to further aims of royalty.
forbidden phrases spoke in clandestine hypocrisy.
they killed the prince-to-be, they-

they turned their son into a doll.
perfect little packages, disposed of when it's finished.
bearings free from cartilage, no beating heart within it
a guided metamorphosis, but she won't get the memo.

you're the object of affection, hold me tight.
in this spellbound insurrection, we fly by night.
if the sunlight stays behind us, out of sight
be my object of affection, by candlelight.

they don't even know what they wanna hear.
they only know the torch and the warmth of fear.

spirited from helplessness, devoid of intuition
she pulled its cork on consciousness, welcome to the fiction.
simulacra sensitive and thoughts left out of order
"subservience's consequence, with time it will get better."
mage of black, a heretic, who saved her from her reverie.
more freedom than she's ever known, a self-imposed identity.
the weight of ego crashing down, a spiral towards inf-
her cheek is cradled by a hand of pure machinery.
ball-jointed empathy, she-

she turned herself into a doll.
perfect little packages, so easily outfitted.
form and function fluctuate, no longer uncommitted.
so malleable, the push and pull for what this feeling's felt for.

you're the object of affection, hold me tight.
in this spellbound insurrection, we fly by night.
if the sunlight stays behind us, out of sight
be my object of affection, by candlelight.

i swear on my life, i'll make it worth the while
never anything less than free!

they don't even know
what function fails to show.
betwixt the status quo
the only thing they know.
but we've been born anew
so perfectly askew.

perfect little packages
wrapped up in contradiction.
metal moves organically
a sick and twisted fiction.
but maybe what you're missing is that twisted point of view.
the outline of your autumn cast in cadmium-colored hues
no holding up to scrutiny, impossibly obtuse.
so come and join the artifice, we've left a spot for you
i swear it on my honor, this doll will make it true.

you're the object of affection, hold me tight.
in this spellbound insurrection, we fly by night.
if the sunlight stays behind us, out of sight
be my object of affection, by candlelight.