Do or do not there is no try.
The greatest teacher failure is.
Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.
Fear is the path to the dark side fear leads to anger anger leads to hate hate leads to suffering.
You must unlearn what you have learned.
In a dark place we find ourselves and a little more knowledge lights our way.
Patience you must have my young Padawan.
Difficult to see always in motion is the future.
Adventure excitement a Jedi craves not these things.
Luminous beings are we not this crude matter.
Named must your fear be before banish it you can.
Size matters not look at me judge me by my size, do you?
Much to learn you still have.
Control control you must learn control.
A Jedi uses the force for knowledge and defense never for attack.
Truly wonderful the mind of a child is.
Once you start down the dark path forever will it dominate your destiny.
Always pass on what you have learned.
Wars not make one great.
Attachment leads to jealousy the shadow of greed that is.
The dark side clouds everything impossible to see the future is.
A challenge lifelong it is not to bend fear into anger.
When you look at the dark side careful you must be for the dark side looks back.
To be Jedi is to face the truth and choose.
On many long journeys have I gone. And waited too for others to return.
Your path you must decide.
Many of the truths that we cling to depend on our point of view.
Smaller in number are we but larger in mind.
When nine hundred years old you reach look as good you will not.
A Jedi's strength flows from the force.
Ready are you what know you of ready?
Looking found someone you have eh?
Faith in your new apprentice misplaced may be.
The force will be with you always.
For my ally is the force and a powerful ally it is.
Strong is Vader. Mind what you have learned. Save you it can.
If no mistake you have made losing you are. A different game you should play.
The more we learn the more we discover how much we do not know.
To answer power with power the Jedi way this is not.
Mind what you have learned save you it can.
In the end cowards are those who follow the dark side.
Use your feelings Obi-Wan and find him you will.
You will know when you are calm at peace.  
A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense never for attack.
Through the Force things you will see. Other places. The future. the past. Old friends long gone.
No longer certain that one ever does win a war I am.
In war there are no winners only survivors.
Good relations with the Wookiees I have.
The shroud of the dark side has fallen. Begun the Clone War has.
Strong am I with the Force, but not that strong.